- [Narrator] Okay so now let's quickly test this out.
Let's make sure that is deployed correctly, yes it is.
Let's take this path, let's go to the Postman tool,
and now, we're going to access this part.
But please don't forget that we made a post request,
so we're going to send a post request,
so let's click on send.
Yeah, so nothing happened which means everything went okay.
Let's go to the database and check whether the entries
got inserted correctly, yeah.
We have the entry for the 21st transaction,
and let's check the log, yes, we have an entry for that too.
So everything was okay.
The data we were trying to insert was okay
and that's why the transaction was successfully
committed to the database.
Now let's see the failure case,
let's go to the transaction bean,
and let's say you're trying to have a new entry here.
Let's change the account number,
and of course let's change the operation to maybe.
And whatever you want to change, basically it's up to you
whatever data that you want to change.
And what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna insert a new entry here,
let's say four, okay.
But the transaction ID,
against which I am trying to insert this.
I am entering a transaction ID 23 which is not even existing
in the bank account transaction.
Yes I am making a fresh entry to the bank account
transaction for 22, but then 23 does not exist, which means,
this query should fail.
Now if this query fails, since they're dependent tables,
this query, whatever data was inserted against it,
should also be rolled back by the user transaction API.
That's works then, cool, right?
So let's test this out.
Yes, this is already deployed.
I'm just going to hit that URL again,
and let's check what happened on the console.
Yes, do you see what happened?
It says that I'm rolling back
because I cannot add or update a child row:
a foreign key constraint fails.
Let's go over to the database and check quickly.
That's right,
so we do not have entry of 22 in the parent table,
and of course we don't have an entry into the child table.
That works perfect for us.
That's exactly what the intention was right?
This was the previous successful entry,
but now when we were trying to add an entry
with the primary key four,
we were trying at add it for a transaction ID
which does not exist,
so now it is not inserted
and hence the previous entry as well,
from the parent table, everything is now rolled back.
So all of this happens while that transaction crosses so
that we have used to demarket our transaction boundaries.
That's exactly the significance of user transaction API,
in concurrency programming.
So there we are.
This is super useful,
and make sure that whenever you do concurrency programming
over a distributed environment,
you safely use the user transaction
and it'll do everything for you.